intermittent braking
It is recommended to produce when driving
at any speed for short and
and decrease or service braking on
dry road it is wet with a small
speeds
vehicle braking with
using the hand brake applied in
emergency situations
use in these cases manual
brake must be especially careful and
neat as at the slightest turn
steering wheel
there will be an instant skid of the rear axle
the car on a slippery road in the ice
when driving on descents at any
speed effective is
engine braking or combination
engine braking and
main brake system
when braking the engine driver
moves with a higher gear will inflict
shift gears need
consistently as the device
gear boxes may not allow
switch immediately with top gear
after a few steps to the lower and this
will take some time but significantly
reduce the speed of your car while
kinetic energy cars
spent on friction in the transmission and in
engine and press gas in cylinders
in this case, the braking force is created
acting on the drive wheels at the moment
vehicle braking between
its wheels coated the road arises
friction force during braking necessary
consider coupling factors as well
between the wheels of the car and the coating
road vary depending on
first quality and coating materials
roads
the second state of the road is dry and wet
rolled snow and ice third speed
vehicle movement and 4
vehicle mass in winter on
slippery potassium is often formed on the road
the place where the wheels drove hundreds of cars in
such a situation is a bias towards everything
by 20 centimeters
allow you to put the car wheels
in the area of loose snow fine
pebbles and things like that
adhesion wheels with the road on the order
above, respectively, you can extinguish
speed is more effective braking at
help still facing obstacles to
the road
this method is used in case of emergency
braking in case of failure of the main brake
systems
when time does not allow to use
in other ways of braking
the obstacle must be chosen wisely
so that you and the surrounding
received as little damage as possible is
there may be drifts or heaps of snow
large cargo wheels
car outside the city can be used
quad but should be driven into it
shallow trajectory and in no case
perpendicular
while trying not to drive into the forest
an array where dangerous can happen
facing trees